Add initial basic GitHub Copilot instructions (#137754)
home-assistant/core: .github/copilot-instructions.md

    - An ID needs to be unique per platform, not per integration.
    - The ID does not have to contain the integration domain or platform.
    - Acceptable examples:
      - Serial number of a device
      - MAC address of a device formatted using `homeassistant.helpers.device_registry.format_mac`
        Do not obtain the MAC address through arp cache of local network access,
        only use the MAC address provided by discovery or the device itself.
      - Unique identifier that is physically printed on the device or burned into an EEPROM
    - Not acceptable examples:
      - IP Address
      - Device name
      - Hostname
      - URL
      - Email address
      - Username
    - For entities that are setup by a config entry, the config entry ID
      can be used as a last resort if no other Unique ID is available.
      For example: `f"{entry.entry_id}-battery"`
  - If the state value is unknown, use `None`
  - Do not use the `unavailable` string as a state value,
    implement the `available()` property method instead
  - Do not use the `unknown` string as a state value, use `None` instead
- Extra entity state attributes:

>   - Keys for each state attribute should always be present

Reviewer: I am having trouble understanding this point. Does it mean that all state attribute keys should always be present?
If so, then I would change to `The keys of all state attributes should always be present`

Author: ```suggestion
  - The keys of all state attributes should always be present
```

- Follow existing code style patterns as much as possible
- Core locations:
  - Shared constants: `homeassistant/const.py`, use them instead of hardcoding
    strings or creating duplicate integration constants.
  - Integration files:
    - Constants: `homeassistant/components/{domain}/const.py`
    - Models: `homeassistant/components/{domain}/models.py`
    - Coordinator: `homeassistant/components/{domain}/coordinator.py`
    - Config flow: `homeassistant/components/{domain}/config_flow.py`
    - Platform code: `homeassistant/components/{domain}/{platform}.py`
- All external I/O operations must be async
- Async patterns:
  - Avoid sleeping in loops
  - Avoid awaiting in loops, gather instead
  - No blocking calls
- Polling:
  - Follow update coordinator pattern, when possible
  - Polling interval may not be configurable by the user
  - For local network polling, the minimum interval is 5 seconds
  - For cloud polling, the minimum interval is 60 seconds
- Error handling:
  - Use specific exceptions from `homeassistant.exceptions`
  - Setup failures:
    - Temporary: Raise `ConfigEntryNotReady`
    - Permanent: Use `ConfigEntryError`

>   - Raised error should support translations:

Reviewer 2: I think we should add that this is only for specific cases as not all places support translated exceptions. For example, the config flow (where we catch them and return an errors dict). Copilot already made that mistake in your screenshot

Author: Feel free to add a suggestion.

Author: Removed for now.

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering what's best, trying to explain what places do support translations vs mentioning places where it doesn't support it

Author: I think we can figure that out, I'm just trying to bootstrap this thing a little. So, removed it for now; we can tweak and tune while we are at it.

>   - Raised error should support translations:
>     ```python
>     except PeblarConnectionError as error:
>         raise HomeAssistantError(
>             translation_domain=DOMAIN,
>             translation_key="communication_error",
>             translation_placeholders={"error": str(error)},
>         ) from error
>     ```

Author: ```suggestion
```

- Logging:
  - Message format:
    - No periods at end
    - No integration names or domains (added automatically)

>     - No sensitive data (keys, tokens, passwords), if when those are incorrect.

Reviewer 3: *even

  - Be very restrictive on the use if logging info messages, use debug for
    anything which is not targeting the user.
  - Use lazy logging (no f-strings):
    ```python
    _LOGGER.debug("This is a log message with %s", variable)
    ```
- Entities:
  - Ensure unique IDs for state persistence:

>     - Unique IDs should not contain values that are subject to user change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Unique IDs should not contain values that are subject to user or network change.
```

    - An ID needs to be unique per platform, not per integration.
    - The ID does not have to contain the integration domain or platform.
    - Acceptable examples:
      - Serial number of a device
      - MAC address of a device formatted using `homeassistant.helpers.device_registry.format_mac`

>         Do not obtain the MAC address thru arp cache of local network access,

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
        Do not obtain the MAC address through arp cache of local network access,
```

>         Do not obtain the MAC address thru arp cache of local network access,

Reviewer 2: Out of curiosity, why?

Author: Because it ain't reliable. You could be returned the mac of a switch in between instead of the actual end-device.

Reviewer 2: Is that done using getmac?

Author: Yup.
